Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
POLICE
- Thank you for not calling the Base.
- Your friend is crazy.
Hey. hey. hey! Stop!
Well done. Daniel.
Got it?
Bye.
Hi.
Good morning.
Thank you. Ciro.
Yes. of course.
See you later.
Good morning.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Man. you're really pissing me off.
Ok. ok... Guys. call Ferdinando Esposito.
Keep an eye on it.
Beautiful.
Ciro.
- Hey. Daniel.
- How are you?
I'm fine. How are you?
- I'm good. thank you.
- Hi.
- McKenzie.
I just happen to have a fresh piece
of bufala. it's just arrived.
- Should I pack it for you?
- No. Ciro. next time.
- It's special.
- No. thanks.
But the girl needs to eat. right?
Wait.
Angelina. bring the graffe!
Of course.
- Scoon-what?
- Yes.
Scugnizzi... How do you say it?
Hands off!
- Here I am!
- Angelina!
- But first. eat a graffa.
- How are you?
Nice to meet you.
Try it.
- We have to go.
- No...
Hello?
Is Ferdinando here?
Fe!
Ferdinà!
What?
What do you want?
- The bracelet. Where is it?
- What bracelet?
CLOSED
What?
Teresa "The Terrible".
A criminal.
Ouch!
I'll ask you only once.
Do you still organise
the game "Scopone scientifico" night?
Good.
Oh! Scopa!
My God...
Honey. love...
Teresina. sweetie...
Welcome to my house.
Have fun.
Sit down. green eyes.
Let's play.
A real "scugnizzo".
Teresina. my love...
Ferdinando...
Hey. Lady Teresa!
- Cheers.
What are you saying? I don't understand!
Ferdinando! I don't understand.
Ferdinando. come on!
What the fuck!
Look at the American friends. look.
They're losing all their money.
They don't know how to play.
- Oh my God!
- What courage!
You like to lose.
Come on!
Scopa.
Scopa!
American?
Half "scugnizzo".
Well done.
Show is over. get lost!
Where are you going? Come here.
Half scugnizzo.
Scopa.
ANONYMOUS
Ma'am. good morning.
I'm looking for Bruno Lombardi.
San Marzano tomatoes...
Do you use them?
My grandmother used to cook green beans
only with San Marzano tomatoes.
Garlic...
three basil leaves. and not one more...
and a drizzle of oil.
Three leaves aren't enough.
My grandmother was stingy.
Granny. I'm back!
Artichokes.
How are you?
This man wants to help you.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm